# DU3 - Exercise 6 - Multi threaded client-server app - Guess a number game

We want to create a client-server application where the client tries to guess a random number generated by the server.

The client uses several commands to communicate with the server.

The commands to use are the following:

- NEW. This command indicates that the client wants to start a new game. As an argument it accept the number of tries the user want to have to guess the number. Example: NEW 8
- NUM. The client sends its guess to the server. A new game has to be created before using this command. Example: NUM 42.
- HELP. The client asks the server for information about the game and the commands to use.
- QUIT. The client sends the request to terminate the communication with the server.


The server sends two-digit responses to the client to inform it of its requests.

### The server responses are the following:

- 10 Number game server ready. Indicates that the server is ready to receive request from the client.
- 11 BYE. Indicates that the communication with the client is going to be closed.
- 15 Number game server ready. Indicates that the server is ready to begin a new game after a communication error has been detected.
- 20 PLAY <numOp>. Indicates that the game starts and the client has numOp attemps.
- 25 LOW <numOp>. Indicates that the client's guess is lower than the number to be guessed.
- 35 HIGH <numOp>. Indicates that the client's guess is higher than the number to be guessed.
- 40 INFO. Informs the client about the game.
- 50 WIN. Indicates that the client has guessed the number exactly.
- 70 LOSE NUM <numGuess>. Indicates that the client has no more attempts to guess the number and informs the client of the number to guess.
- 80 ERR. The command used by the client cannot be used at this time.
- 90 UNKNOWN. The command used by the client is incorrect.